Update blurb examples (#69)
exercism/docs: anatomy/tracks/concept-exercises.md

  },
  "forked_from": ["fsharp/basics"],
  "language_versions": ">=3.7",

>   "blurb": "Learn the basics of Python by cooking Lucian's Luscious Lasagna",

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  "blurb": "Learn the basics of Python by cooking Guido's Gorgeous Lasagna",
```

Author: Love it.
